c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\YouTubeTest.exe.config
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\YouTubeTest.exe
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\YouTubeTest.pdb
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.dll
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.pdb
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.xml
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\obj\Debug\YouTubeTest.csproj.App.config
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\obj\Debug\YouTubeTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\obj\Debug\YouTubeTest.exe
c:\users\dylan_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\YouTubeTest\YouTubeTest\obj\Debug\YouTubeTest.pdb
